feat(apig): add datasource to get basic configurations of the api (#4805)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/apig_api_basic_configurations.md

* `instance_id` - (Required, String) Specifies the ID of the dedicated instance to which the APIs belong.

* `api_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of the API.

* `name` - (Optional, String) Specifies the name of the API. Fuzzy search is supported.

* `group_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of the API group to which the APIs belong.

* `type` - (Optional, String) Specifies the type of the API.  
  The valid values are `Public` and `Private`.

* `request_method` - (Optional, String) Specifies the request method of the API.  
  The valid values are `GET`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `HEAD`, `PATCH`, `OPTIONS` and `ANY`.

* `request_path` - (Optional, String) Specifies the request address of the API. Fuzzy search is supported.

* `request_protocol` - (Optional, String) Specifies the request protocol of the API.  
  The valid values are `HTTP`, `HTTPS`, `BOTH` and `GRPCS`.

* `security_authentication` - (Optional, String) Specifies the security authentication mode of the API request.  
  The valid values are `NONE`, `APP`, `IAM` and `AUTHORIZER`.

* `vpc_channel_name` - (Optional, String) Specifies the name of the VPC channel. Fuzzy search is supported.

> * `precise_search` - (Optional, String) Specifies the parameter name for exact matching.  
>   The valid value is `name` or `req_uri`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `precise_search` - (Optional, String) Specifies the parameter name that you want to match exactly.
  The valid values are:
  + **name**: API name, corresponding to the field `name` in this data source arguments.
  + **req_uri**: Request path, corresponding to the field `request_path` in this data source arguments.

  This parameter takes effect only after the corresponding parameter(s) is(are) set.
```
And check whether this parameter can be set to multiple enumerated values, e.g. `name,req_uri`.

Author: fixed

  The [configurations](#basic_configurations) structure is documented below.

<a name="basic_configurations"></a>
The `configurations` block supports:

* `id` - The ID of the API.

* `name` - The name of the API.

* `type` - The type of the API.

* `request_method` - The request method of the API.

* `request_path` - The request address of the API.

* `request_protocol` - The request protocol of the API.

* `security_authentication` - The security authentication mode of the API request.

* `simple_authentication` - Whether the authentication of the application code is enabled.

* `group_id` - The ID of group corresponding to the API.

* `group_name` - The name of group corresponding to the API.

* `group_version` - The version of group corresponding to the API.

* `env_id` - The ID of the environment where the API is published.

* `env_name` - The name of the environment where the API is published.

* `authorizer_id` - The ID of the authorizer to which the API request used.

* `publish_id` - The ID of publish corresponding to the API.

* `backend_type` - The backend type of the API.

* `cors` - Whether CORS is supported.

> * `matching` - The matching mode of the API.  
>   The valid value is `Exact` or `Prefix`.

Reviewer: If you want to list the enumerated values of the property, write as:
```suggestion
* `matching` - The matching mode of the API.  
  + **Exact**
  + **Prefix**
```

Author: fixed
